COMPONENTS - 

In React, components are functions or classes that return React elements  which can be rendered to the screen. 

Example :

function Greeting ()

{

return 

<h1> " Hey , how are you ?? " </h1> 

}

Explanation :

This is a functional component that returns an h1 element with the text "Hello, world!".

In this example, the component doesn't take any props as input. It simply returns the same output every time it's called. It can be used in other components or in a 
React app as-is.

Greeting function is the component. It's a functional component that returns some markup (in this case, an h1 element with the text "Hello, world!").

In React, components are functions or classes that return React elements (markup) which can be rendered to the screen. In this case, the Greeting function is a
simple example of a functional component that returns some markup.

A small tip :

In react when you use class based components you need to use render() in order to display things to the browser , but when you write functional components one does not 
need to write render() . In functional components, the component function itself is responsible for returning the JSX code that should be displayed on the screen. 
Since functional components are typically simpler and more concise than class components, they are often preferred in modern React development.


CUSTOM COMPONENTS 

What are custom components and why are they useful ??

Custom components in React are like building blocks that you can create and reuse in your application to make your code more organized and easier to manage.

For example, you could create a custom component for a button that you use frequently in your app. You could define the button's appearance and functionality,
and then reuse it across different parts of your app.

Custom components can be created using either a class or a function, and they can receive props from their parent component to customize their appearance or behavior.

Once you've created a custom component, you can import it into your application and use it like any other built-in React component, such as div or p. 
This allows you to build complex user interfaces by composing smaller, reusable components.










